for max dolls beauty resende came
here bringing you guys but a video
Good guys this time I'm bringing
to the channel plus a vlog and I 'm going there
Today is very serious and quite sad.
but I felt compelled to do
that's because I know I know more or less
The feeling it is is to lose someone who
You love losing someone who is very
next to you
I felt obliged to do this also in the
title
I grieve because I knew that
a boy of 13 or 14 years does not
I remember recording videos for youtube
Such a battlefield if I'm not mistaken.
died and he had cancer found and
cancer was complicated and it happened that he
died and then his father posted a
video on the kid channel talking several
things about him
is how much he liked youtube how much
youtube is important to him and that
video moved me to hell my face
I was very moved and I got to
I got to the video through a basement some
people that sent me on twitter and such
Neither until now have I got
I said I'll be right there I went behind and saw that
it was true and then this boy he
I had 15 thousand enrolled 20 thousand
subscribers do not know
and then his dream was viral on youtube is
big such but unfortunately they do happen
some things in life that are complicated
to say if it's fair it would be fair to have
things that I do not think are fair but
Who am I to judge this? I lost one.
brother also when she was 12 years old
some of you already know
It's not fair to me until today.
understand the type and was not involved with
nothing had no problem and arrived
the delinquent and made it understood
and to this day I think it's not fair but
I think one of the ways that people
need to find comfort
one of the ways for us to find
This kind of peace and such is God, dear.
God is his father said that
believe that he is a Christian so I am not
here to play no religion'm not
here to talk about religion but no
way I found peace comfort
these things were through god the
my mother is very religious then too
her faith helped us as hell but
I 'm saying this because to show
for you and the elna's father who is the
his name I've ever know how this
feeling I know how this is
feeling really bad really really bad
but I will not say that time will heal
that will not stay but will soften going
softening
But I'm here to help here to give.
a force because I do not know if
You know but youtube rewards you
channel when it reaches 100 thousand subscribers
This is the reward here is the
reward you have already seen think a
video I showed you I am
reward when it reaches 100 thousand
and when it reaches one million and the
His father asked is for us to
help asked that the staff
would help to reach 100 participants to
than to win this card and have a
remembering his son's job
of his son, right?
people is not a job tube that this
fun and such but I'm sure that
This kid is sorry for many hours of the day.
of him dedicating youtube such I do not say
nor lose the time but he gets you thighs
hours to youtube understood then is and not
stop being a job
the logic that is not a common work that
everyone accept that all generations
accept but it is still a job
so it's no longer an expensive one.
I hug you a hug from your father, right?
To your mother and I hope you
Comfort in peace is very complicated.
But I wish you all the best and
that you can get over it
I'm sure they'll be able to
and I'm here to help good people like
is that we will help will be the
first link of the first link inscription
his channel I want it
everybody you all everyone
hear that word go there and subscribe
on the a & e channel are already with 60 thousand 55 thousand
Subscribers find us going to get 100
a thousand subscribers today, it's okay, we'll go
reach 100 thousand subscribers
You, I know I can count on you.
you because every time every
times I needed you you
I was with me so now I
I need you, it's good that you
enroll in the boy's channel because it is
What I commented in the video I commented
in the light video in my comment if
Did you read my review?
It 'll be better, I'll say anything here .
way to comment
I said that if I could have any
some material remembrance of my
brother
It would be wonderful but unfortunately not
It is right I was very young at the time and how
I can do it today, I can make one
parents have this memory of
a boy from their son and I felt
in obligation and I have to do this
understood then this is it here asking for help
of you all subscribe there or
If you are already registered send
A friend of yours discloses this if you
has channel bet on your beauty channel and
Let's get this goal in today's beauty.
So this is a very fast blog.
without much to talk to, right?
just this message I had to give
I hope you have understood and it is
Let's spread this and let's get to the
goal of at least 100,000 enrollees for at least
comfort a little and give this gift
for the parents of the lion beauty then is this
the channel is in the description if they subscribe
there it was worth it even more